---
layout: post
title: Day 4 - A Good Day
---

Today was a good day. I woke up to Bowie curled up to me at my back, and Lucy laying above my head on my pillow. Toast was laying beside her purring away like normal. I realized I only had one egg left, so I cooked an extra sausage patty for breakfast. I think I may switch up next week to bacon and eggs, but may keep with the sausages, I'm still undecided. The important thing is that I continue with a high-fat, high-protein breakfast so that I don't experience the sugar crash that used to keep me feeling tired all morning. 

My lower back was a little sore this morning, and it reminded me that Mer took the percussion back massager with her. I miss that thing, and I'm going to have to get myself one because it really helped my lower back pain immensely. In the massager's absence I extended my shower by a few minutes, and let the hot water attempt to work things out. It helped, but not nearly as much as the back massager did. If I get the job I applied for the other day, I am definitely going to begin going to a chiropractor again. 

I spent some time playing with Bowie and Lucy after my shower tossing tennis balls around the great room of my home. Bowie is getting better at fetching the ball, but he would much rather just try to become a lapdog and sit on me than chase any balls I throw. Lucy on the other hand has a conniption every time I touch a ball, and her entire life goal becomes retrieving, and hoarding any thing I throw across the room. She will collect tennis balls until I run out, and there are damn near 100 of them here. I love both of them so much, and they have made my days in the last week so much better by just being around. 

I spent the rest of the morning re-shooting b-roll for a video, and only realized that the SD card or a low battery in my DLSR corrupted most of the footage I shot. Fortunately I was able to salvage enough clips that I didn't have to reshoot everything. The video will be finished and published on my YouTube channel tomorrow afternoon if no other errors pop up. I just need to color-grade the clips, add my transitions, and attach the bumpers to the beginning and end. 

 The afternoon was filled with more editing, but a few friends reached out via Zoom, and Facebook video chats, so I took some time to talk to them, and it was a nice break from being heads-down in Davinci Resolve all day. Shoutout to my friend Grip from the great frozen north, his chats are always interesting, and we talk like old friends who grew up together despite never having met. 

Once the last call ended I went back to editing, and working on voice over, and did that until about 7PM when Mer called me. Her day went well, and that warmed my hear to hear. She's coming over this weekend to help me clean up the rest of her craft room, and to spend some time with me. This has been the hardest week of my life, but being able to talk to her, and knowing that she's also putting in the effort to work through all of this has helped me so much, and in ways I never imagined. 

I have been trying to spend at least 1-hour every evening out in my workshop organizing,  cleaning, and putzing around, but only spent about 30-minutes in there this evening. I am at somewhat of a stopping point there until I get a desktop I built for my new office desk finished up and out of the way. I just need to add the walnut edge banding I milled up for it, but due to the depression, have been putting that off for over 4 months now. That becomes a priority for this coming week. It will only take me about an hour to finish it up, but I will need a second person before I can move the desk into the house, as the top weighs over 200lbs. 

A small business from Austin, TX reached out to me yesterday about purchasing some rolling trays to sell in both of their store fronts. That was very welcome news because I have about a dozen of them on hand, listed in my Etsy store that haven't sold. They have been favorited about 100 times each, but no one seems to pull the trigger on them. They sold well once, so I blame the economic downturn on their poor performance. 

Speaking of Etsy, I'm going to be listing a good bit of the hand-turned items I have sitting here in my office on there over the weekend. I have a couple dozen mushrooms and trees, and a few non turned items like ambrosia maple charcuterie boards, walnut with lotus flower resin inlay coaster sets, etc. I'll share a link to my Etsy in one of my next few blogs, incase anyone would like to purchase something to help me out. 

I also got a good bit of news for the YouTube channel last night. A company called Nord VPN approved me for their affiliate program and will be sponsoring a video from time to time. This is one of the highest CPM rate companies out there who sponsor creators like me, and is something I have hoped would happen for a while now. I'm super excited to continue growing the channel this year. 

I fed the dogs and toast around 8 pm, and spent the next hour listening to more of Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules For Life, and I think I am goin to go back to the beginning and start over so I can take notes. It seems like every other sentence in the book either touches my heart, or really makes me think about my past actions. Not all of it is eye-opening though as I have lived a great deal of my life by many of the principals he talks about in the book, but it's the little nuanced things that catch me off guard and really make me think. 

My friend Will wanted to play some games last night, so I dedicated another hour to hanging out with him in Discord, and playing some Call of Duty, and just chatting about random stuff like old times. Tonight's conversation was mostly about this possible new job, and a bunch of programming stuff.  We won most of our matches as usual, and it was an all-around good time, and great avenue to take my mind off things for a little bit. 

I watched very little YouTube yesterday, which is a great thing, but I did try to get in a couple of videos when I laid down, but my eyes had a mind of their own, and I dozed off in the middle of one. 

Today I'm Thankful For: 

Today I'm thankful for this gift I have been given to be able to easily learn new things, and to be able to make almost anything I can put my mind to. A friend reminded me today how talented and gifted I am when it comes to making things with my hands as well as my brain.  I really don't want to blow my own horn here, but like he said, how many people do you know that can create amazing hand-made works of art from wood, while also being a proficient programmer in several languages who can also weld, build an engine, design and install a complicated landscape, build complicated electronics projects, build a house, and write a novel all at the same time. 

I've thought of myself as a Maker for most of my adult life, but I think a more accurate term is "Collector of Skills," as that is much more accurate. I enjoy knowledge, and the ability to do almost everything myself. My grandfather always stressed the importance of being self-reliant, and he rarely paid anyone to do anything for him. If he was unsure of something, he would ask his friends and employees until he found someone to show him how to do it. I embraced that thought process to its fullest, and when I have something break at home, or need to do something, I always start first with trying to do it myself, and only as a last resort will I call in a professional. 

Anyway, that's my thoughts for today. I can not thank each and every one of you who have been here for me through these last few days. All of you have been the rocks upon which I am rebuilding the foundation of the rest of my life. I appreciate the support, and love you have shown me. Thanks for reading and following along. 

### If you are feeling suicidal, or even remotely thinking about it, please call the Suicide Hotline at 800-273-8255. They are there to help, and they understand what you are going through.



